book/preliminary/index.md, before:

# Preliminary Work

We welcome all types of learners to our event, from professional software developers to people just getting started. Based on previous experience, participants gain more from our hackweeks when they arrive having a preliminary understand of some of the foundational tools of data science workflows. These skills include knowing how to:

* Navigate a [Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/) environment
* Conduct file management, text editing and other basic tasks from a command line interface
* Add and commit changes in Git, and push and pull content from GitHub
* Create simple scientific workflows in Python

## {{hackweek}} Software Carpentry Session

We strongly encourage participants to review this two-day recorded fundamentals of Python and open-source workflows crash course ([Software Carpentry Schedule](swc)) in advance of the hackweek. You may choose whichever topics you'd like to brush up on or learn. Office hours in the weeks leading up the hackweek will provide an opportunity for asking questions and troubleshooting any issues you've encountered.

You can view our [Software Carpentry Schedule](swc) for more information.

## Required setup

```{attention}
Please make sure to find some time to go through the below material before
the hackweek.
```

### GitHub Account

Everyone attending {{ hackweek }} will require obtaining a GitHub account.
Visit our [GitHub instruction page](github) to learn how!

### Slack Account

All of our communication throughout the hackweek will be done using the
{{ '[`{hackweek}` Slack workspace]({url})'.format(hackweek=hackweek, url=slack_workspace_url)}}.
With your invite to the hackweek, you should also have received a separate
email to join the Slack workspace. Upon accepting the invite, please take a moment to
[complete your Slack profile](https://slack.com/help/articles/204092246-Edit-your-profile).
Having your name and picture with your Slack account helps us and your peers
to identify you on Slack and builds a more personal community throughout
the week.

### JupyterHub

We will offer all tutorials within the Jupyter Hub computing environment.
Visit our [Introduction to Jupyter Hub](jupyterhub) page to learn more!

### Git

All content of the hackweek will be shared via GitHub and interacting with the
website will be done via the `git` command. Visit [Setting up the `git` command](git)
to learn how to configure that!

### EarthData Login

We'll have you download some data from NSIDC for your tutorials and projects.
Visit our [Earthdata](earthdata) page to learn how to access and Earthdata login account if you don't already have one!

## Optional setup

### Python
Dive deeper into how [Python is managed and installed](python) on the JupyterHub
and how you can install that on your personal machine.

Commit message:

Preliminary - Create supplemental section.
Break out the supplemental material under the preliminary content for
better clarity on what is encouraged before the Hackweek.

book/preliminary/index.md, after:

# Preliminary Work

We welcome all types of learners to our event, from professional software
developers to people just getting started. Based on previous experience,
participants gain more from our hackweeks when they arrive having a preliminary
understand of some of the foundational tools of data science workflows. These
skills include knowing how to:

* Navigate a [Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/) environment
* Conduct file management, text editing and other basic tasks from a command
  line interface
* Add and commit changes in Git, and push and pull content from GitHub
* Create simple scientific workflows in Python

## {{hackweek}} Software Carpentry Session

We strongly encourage participants to review this two-day recorded fundamentals
of Python and open-source workflows crash course
([Software Carpentry Schedule](swc)) in advance of the hackweek. You may
choose whichever topics you'd like to brush up on or learn. Office hours in the
weeks leading up the hackweek will provide an opportunity for asking questions
and troubleshooting any issues you've encountered.

You can view our [Software Carpentry Schedule](swc) for more information.

## Required setup

```{attention}
Please make sure to find some time to go through the below material before
the hackweek.
```

### GitHub Account

Everyone attending {{ hackweek }} will require obtaining a GitHub account.
Visit our [GitHub instruction page](github) to learn how!

### Slack Account

All of our communication throughout the hackweek will be done using the
{{ '[`{hackweek}` Slack workspace]({url})'.format(hackweek=hackweek, url=slack_workspace_url)}}.
With your invite to the hackweek, you should also have received a separate
email to join the Slack workspace. Upon accepting the invite, please take a moment to
[complete your Slack profile](https://slack.com/help/articles/204092246-Edit-your-profile).
Having your name and picture with your Slack account helps us and your peers
to identify you on Slack and builds a more personal community throughout
the week.

### JupyterHub

We will offer all tutorials within the Jupyter Hub computing environment.
Visit our [Introduction to Jupyter Hub](jupyterhub) page to learn more!

### Git

All content of the hackweek will be shared via GitHub and interacting with the
website will be done via the `git` command.
Visit [Setting up the `git` command](git) to learn how to configure that!

### EarthData Login

We'll have you download some data from NSIDC for your tutorials and projects.
Visit our [Earthdata](earthdata) page to learn how to access and Earthdata
login account if you don't already have one!

## Supplemental Material

### Python

Dive deeper into how [Python is managed and installed](supplemental/python) on
the JupyterHub and how you can install that on your personal machine.

### Conda
A basic intro to manage Python environments using the
[conda package manager](supplemental/conda)
